---
date: 2020-02-06T16:30:39-08:00
linktitle: "1.12.2"
title: "1.12.2"
---

{{<features>}}
* Ability to apply `count(), min(), max(), and sum()` aggregate functions to node resource analyzers. Especially useful for preflight checks against resources on a node (e.g., `min(memoryCapacity) >= 16Gi`). See [Node Resources Analyzer](https://troubleshoot.sh/reference/analyzers/node-resources/) documentation for more details.  
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Improved performance of application and license updates by caching image privacy status when the release has not changed.
* Past preflight results are now always displayed on the version history page, even when they were successful.
* Progress indicators have been added to the license upload screen.
* Decreased image size of the kotsadm-api image by removing unnecessary inclusion of kubectl.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed an issue where the Config page would fail to load when current release has `'{{repl ...}}'` [template functions](/reference/template-functions) that are over 80 characters.
* License expiration is now enforced in airgap installations. After this fix, any new attempts to update or install applications on an expired license will not succeed.
* Any changes to `default:` values on [config item types](/reference/v1beta1/config/#available-item-types) are now respected on upgrades to a new release. 
* Fixed an issue where the application logo in the navigation bar would not update when switching to another kots application. It would previously always show the logo for the first app. [Issue-910](https://github.com/replicatedhq/kotsadm/issues/910)
* "Upload license" button is now hidden during the process of a license upload.
* Fixed an issue where the "diffing releases" view incorrectly overlaps with version history when the differences between releases is small. 
* `kubectl kots upload` command shown for editing application patches on the "View files" tab now includes the correct namespace.
* Fixed an issue where incorrect "Anonymous uploads have been disabled" message appears during initial setup of embedded cluster installations. Fixed by redirecting to hostname, which is now stored in the kotsadm-tls secret.
{{</fixes>}}
