---
date: 2020-02-04T19:55:39-08:00
linktitle: "1.12.0"
title: "1.12.0"
kubernetes: "1.15, 1.16, and 1.17"
---
{{<features>}}
* Namespace can now be specified for [Helm charts in KOTS](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/helmchart/#namespace)
* Preflight and Troubleshoot analyzers now support analysis of Node resources, including [CPU, Memory, and Disk Space](https://troubleshoot.sh/reference/analyzers/node-resources/)
* Rook registry is now object store backed.
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* If license is updated during a sync, a dialog is shown linking to version history.
* Better feedback when saving app config.
* Support bundle analysis now has breadcrumbs.
* `replicated/kurl-util` container uses a versioned tag instead of `latest`.
* `kots` CLI now includes an `Authorization` header when making requests to `kotsadm-api`.
* Airgap upload endpoints now require `Authorization` headers.
* Helm chart rendering errors are now displayed in the Admin Console.
* The Dashboard link has been removed from the license upload pages.
* License is synced to the latest version on installation.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* `kotsadm-api` no longer needs to be restarted when console password is reset using the CLI.
* Airgap upload doesn't redirect back to license upload.
* A failed airgap upload will display an error.
* Failing preflight checks incorrectly rendered as successful in the version history page. 
* Fixed an issue where Preflight checks fail if a `when` condition is missing.
* If your preflight check fails to parse, the error message is displays as a failing preflight. 
* Fixed issues with kURL HA registry availability when a node is lost.
* Fixed an issue where kotsadm would not pull new releases when changing a customer’s channel and syncing their license.
* Fixed error 404 when the Secure Console page is refreshed.
* Fixes for license sync:
  * When a new license field is created, it will be pulled down on the next license sync.
  * When new license fields are added, they will be used in rendering the next app version.
{{</fixes>}}
