---
date: 2020-02-27T06:29:39-08:00
linktitle: "1.13.0"
title: "1.13.0"
kubernetes: "1.15, 1.16, and 1.17"
---

{{<features>}}
* Added support for [deploying Operators as KOTS applications](/vendor/operators/packaging-an-operator/):
  * Added `additionalImages` to the kots.io/v1beta1, Kind=Application spec
  * Added new template functions for operators to read the local image name and image pull secrets
* Added support for `--kubeconfig` and all other `kubectl` flags in all `kots` commands. These can be used with `kubectl kots --kubeconfig ...`
* Added `TLSKey` and `TLSCert` template functions, to generate matching cert and private key for a hostname.
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* `ConfigOption` template functions will now be evaluated recursively. Items defined in the config can reference other config items, and will be updated when any value changes.
* When there is no TTY, the default KOTS logger will not show a spinner.
* The upstream directory has been excluded from diff calculation and view in order to show clearly what changes are being deployed.
* The diff calculation now shows the lines added and removed in the base and downstream only.
* `kubectl kots admin-console upgrade` command will no longer upgrade kURL installs.
* `kots` can now push images to unsecured private registries.
* Multi-doc YAML files will be automatically split when rendered into the base directory.
* Added messages that show the reason that certs are not accepted when uploading them on the embedded cluster page
* When uploading a cert with a hostname on the embedded cluster, the browser will automatically redirect to the hostname after applying the cert
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* `kots version` command now doesn't hang and doesn't display networking errors when it's unable to connect to github.com to check for updates.
* Fixed the issue that caused kURL installer to fail when `kotsadm` add-on was included, but application did not have any metadata.
* Fixed the 404 error when Secure Console page is refreshed in the browser on kURL+kotsadm installs.
* Clicking "Continue to Setup" on the Secure Console page no longer shows the "Anonymous uploads have been disabled" message.
* Fixed the issue that allowed users to upload certificates that had expired or had an invalid hostname.
* Fixed the issue that caused kURL installs to fail when `kotsadm` add-on is enabled but no app slug is specified.
* Fixed the issue that caused scroll bars to be shown on the Preflight Checks page while the spinner is the only thing visible on the page.
* Fixed the bug that caused GitOps page to show "Oops, something went wrong" message when trying to add a repo.
* Fixed the support bundle command shown on embedded cluster installs.
* Fixed the bug that caused `updateCursor` and `versionLabel` to be removed from the installation.yaml file by the `kots pull` command.
* Fixed a bug that caused `kots.io/exclude` annotations to be either completely ignored or applied to all objects in a single file.
* Fixed error display when the Add Node button on the Cluster Management page.
{{</fixes>}}
