---
date: 2020-06-01T08:00:00-07:00
linktitle: "1.16.0"
title: "1.16.0"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<features>}}
* Support for HTTP_PROXY and NO_PROXY environment variables in embedded cluster installations.
* Update checks within the Admin Console occur at periodic intervals (every 4 hours by default), and can be configured or disabled.
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Snapshot storage configuration is now validated on save.
* Updated to [Troubleshoot](https://troubleshoot.sh) v0.9.36
* Beta support for explicit [Helm 3](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/helmchart/) rendering
* Added KOTS metadata to all application manifests. 
A unique identifier for the local application and the version sequence will be injected as annotations to all deployed manifests.
* ConfigItem's `when` can now be a boolean
* Namespaces will be applied before the rest of the application YAML.
* Additional snapshot information from Velero and Restic is now included in support bundles
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed issue where Admin Console can crash sometimes when using `LocalImageName` and `LocalRegistryImagePullSecret`.
* Snapshots page will show a message when connection to the API is lost.
* Fixed a bug that would cause orphaned pods to be left on the system when jobs are deleted.
* Fixed a bug that could cause a mismatch between TLS cert and key when using `TLSCert` and `TLSKey` template functions
* Airgapped upload progress may be cropped without the ability to scroll in some situations. 
Fixed by adding the ability to scroll on this page.
* Fixed a bug that could cause kotsadm-operator to not be deployed, resulting in applications being stuck in `Deploying` state indefinitely.
* Fixed a bug where some text on the config page doesn't wrap.
* Fixed a bug that prevented private images from being used in CronJobs.
{{</fixes>}}
