---
date: 2020-07-13T08:00:00-07:00
linktitle: "1.17.0"
title: "1.17.0"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<features>}}
* Admin Console now supports GitHub Enterprise as a GitOps repository. 
* Ability to change to a different snapshot storage provider using the UI on the Snapshot Settings page. 
* "Internal Storage" snapshot provider option has been added to the snapshot providers list for kURL embedded clusters. This allows the user to easily return to the default snapshot configuration when another provider (such as AWS S3 or Google Storage) has been configured. 
* Added `when` field support for config groups [https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/config/#when](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/config/#when)
* Added support for [installing Admin Console into an existing cluster using an airgap bundle](https://kots.io/kotsadm/installing/airgap-packages/).
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Velero add-on in kURL has been updated to match the official Velero configuration.  This is a breaking change that requires the velero namespace to be deleted before performing the next update with kURL.
* The most recent support bundles on the Admin Console troubleshoot page are now shown first. 
* Helpful warnings now appear on the Version History page if the user attempts to deploy a version of the application with invalid YAML. 
* Removed the KOTS metadata that was added to all application manifests for GitOps enabled clusters. This metadata could result in situations where pods were incorrectly force-restarted. 
* Improved the granularity of the airgap upload progress indicator.
* Removed the "Re-analyze" button from the troubleshoot support bundle analysis page.
* Auto deploy the app's first version when installing the app and no preflight checks are available or preflight checks pass.
* Updated KOTS to use Kubernetes 1.18 libraries
* Improved error message when `kubectl kots download` is called with an app slug that does not exist.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed a bug where preflight checks fail to trigger for UI-based airgap installations, or for automated installations where license and configuration has been provided to `kots install` via the CLI. 
* Fixed a bug in KOTS CLI where the `--deploy` flag when checking for [upstream](https://kots.io/kots-cli/upstream/) updates fails to deploy the latest release.
* Fixed a bug in KOTS CLI [install command](https://kots.io/kots-cli/install/) where automated installs fail to deploy if no preflight checks are configured for the application. 
* Fixed a bug in [upstream](https://kots.io/kots-cli/upstream/) KOTS CLI where checking for updates shows `There are no application updates available` even when updates are actually available.
* Fixed an issue where license expiration isn't checked until after fetching application.
* Fixed a bug where Snapshots scheduled `@daily` run just on day 1 of the month instead of every day.
* Fixed an issue on the "View Files" tab in the Admin Console that shows full path instead of just subdirectory.
* Removed the CAP_CHOWN capability from the minio docker file. When deploying to existing clusters, this SELinux capability will no longer be required.
* Fixed visual glitches on the buttons of the [TLS certificate page](https://kurl.sh/docs/install-with-kurl/setup-tls-certs) that appears during embedded cluster installation.
* Fixed failed snapshots hooks which were shown as completed.
* Fixed bug when Velero is installed but not running, UI says velero needs to be installed.
* Fixed a bug where clicking `Save changes` in the "Registry settings" tab on an Airgap install without changing anything breaks the registry connection to the Admin Console. 
* Fixed an issue where the diff viewer in Admin Console does not scroll to the end of the file.
* Fixed an issue where pushing images during an airgap installation hangs when the progress bar is nearly complete. Attempting to reload the page will either fix the problem, or prompt another upload that will work the second time around. 
* Fixed a bug where automatic update checks result in duplicate releases on the Version History page.
* Fixed a bug where re-uploading an airgap bundle does not work if previous upload fails while pushing to s3/docker.
{{</fixes>}}
