---
date: 2020-08-10
linktitle: "1.18.0"
title: "1.18.0"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<features>}}

* Added support for using the `when` attribute on [config groups](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/config/#groups) to dynamically show and hide all items in a group.
* Added support for applications to request a namespace-scoped RBAC authorization instead of the default cluster-scoped authorization.
* Added new template functions for `TLSCACert`, `TLSCertFromCA`, and `TLSKeyFromCA` (thanks @MikaelSmith)
* A new directory named skippedFiles to the View Files tab. All files that were not valid YAML or unable to render will be listed here.
* When one or more files cannot be rendered, information about the error will be visible on the Version History page of the Admin Console. Previously, the file was silently ignored.
* Added support for templates in [status informers](https://kots.io/vendor/config/application-status/#kots-application-spec) allowing status informers to be optionally included an other use cases.
* Added support for all built-in license fields in the [`LicenseFieldValue`](https://kots.io/vendor/entitlements/built-in-entitlements/#list-of-built-in-fields) function.
* Added alpha support for converting secets to [sealed secrets](/kotsadm/gitops/secrets/) when using GitOps.

{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}

* (TODO) Redesigned UI for managing/editing support bundle redactors.
* (TODO) 7431953 add a special message for failing to install the current version (TODO words or exclude)
* Error will be shown if release diff summary cannot be generated, allowing the installation to continue.
* Text from stderr output will be surfaced to the user when kustomize exists with an error when application is deployed.
* Added another confirmation before application restore is started since it is a destructive operation.
* Made changes to ensure that size and positioning of app icons are consistent throughout the Admin Console UI.
* (TODO) Added ability to rerun preflight checks from the preflight results page
* Changed volume size displayed on the Snapshots page to be in a human readable format.
* (TODO) Updated preflight result page.
* Changed messaging for gitops-enabled clusters to say that "Click-to-deploy is disabled".
* Surfaced some unexpected error messages from the logs to be visible on the UI now.

{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}

* The embedded cluster installation script will no longer report that the Admin Console is ready before it's available.
* Fixed a bug that caused config and application changes to be included in rendered application yaml by the `[kots upload`](https://kots.io/kots-cli/upload/) command.
* Scheduled snapshots will no long fail in embedded kURL clusters.
* Fixed snapshot list flashing empty page before the first snapshot is started.
* [`Other S3-Compatible Storage`](https://kots.io/vendor/snapshots/snapshot-destinations/#s3-compatible) in snapshot settings now works.
* If scheduled updates download a version while on the Version History page, the UI will now show the correct state.
* The Join command generated on the Cluster Management page will no logner generate a new CA which caused the operation to fail with x509 errors.
* Fixed a bug where a snapshot could not be restored with the error that the matching application release was never deployed to the cluster.
* Installing an application from an invalid release will no longer prevent updating to a valid release.
* Fixed a bug where syncing license would prevent Admin Console from fetching application updates when an invalid release is present in version history.
* Fixed a bug where images from [`Pod`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#pod-v1-core) objects were not included in airgap builds and image URLs were not re-written to use private registries. This affected pods that were not wrapped in Deployments, Statefulsets or other objects.
* Fixed various bugs related to installing KOTS into existing clusters that require [HTTP_PROXY support](/kotsadm/installing/online-install#proxies).
* (TODO) 9723bbc Additional checks on yaml errors (TODO words)
* Fixed a bug that caused [`kots install ... --config <filename>`](https://kots.io/kots-cli/install/) command ignore `valuePlaintext` in password fields in the supplied config file.
* (TODO) 70714ef Omit empty hostname from kotsadm-tls secret (TODO words)
* Save button on the Config screen will now surface errors if the API call does not return a valid response.
* Fixed a bug that caused the deployed application to not be fully removed from the cluster before snapshot restore started, causing snapshot restore warnings.
* [`TLSCert`](https://kots.io/reference/template-functions/static-context/#tlscert) and [`TLSKey`](https://kots.io/reference/template-functions/static-context/#tlskey) functions will now ensure that the key and cert match.
* Fixed a bug that randomly caused `panic: d.nx != 0` error when images were being pushed to private registry during airgap installs.
* After the ssh key is successfully configured on the [Deployment key](https://kots.io/kotsadm/gitops/single-app-workflows/) page, Admin Console will now automatically navigate to the global Gitops settins page.
* Running [`kots upstream upgrade --deploy`](https://kots.io/kots-cli/upstream/) command will now deploy the latest version, even if it was previously downloaded.
* Fixed a bug that caused an incorrect "invalid yaml" error when the application is deployed in certain cases.
* Added a spinner and working state to the Download Support Bundle button.
* Fixed a bug that caused the total number of lines added and removed on the Version History page did not match the number of lines in the diff view.
* In gitops-enabled installed, the Commit button will now be disabled if there are no changes to commit.
* Fixed a bug that caused warnings in the terminal while connecting to the Admin Console due to creation of too many clients to communicate with the Kubernetes API server.
* Fixed a bug that caused a blank screen to be presented to the user when an application snapshot failed to restore.
{{</fixes>}}
