---
date: 2020-09-11
linktitle: "1.19.0"
title: "1.19.0"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<features>}}
  * Support for [automated (unattended, headless) airgap install](/kotsadm/installing/automating/#airgap-install) to an existing cluster. Note, automated upgrading is not supported yet.
  * More robust handling of airgap bundle uploads in the Admin Console, including better error handling and the ability to resume uploads.
  * Support for additional authentication methods including OIDC and IBM Cloud in the `kots` command.
  * Support for [`apiVersion: troubleshoot.sh/v1beta2`](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/v1beta2/).
  * Support for [`kind: SupportBundle`](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/support-bundle/introduction/).
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
  * The KOTS Admin Console no longer includes the Node API deployment. The functionality has been migrated into the existing Go API deployment, and the resulting release bundle size is 200MB smaller (from 663MB to 463MB) and contains 1 fewer deployment. All upgrades will remove this deployment.
  * Helm render errors will now be included in the skippedFiles directory in the "View Files" tab.
  * KOTS will no longer require a namespace when configuring the registry settings.
  * Preflight checks using the [textAnalyze](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/regex/) function can now run against multiple files when the provided filepath is a [glob](https://golang.org/pkg/path/filepath/#Glob).
  * Preflight checks relying on the [storageClass](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/storage-class/) function can check for the presence of a default storageclass by leaving `storageClassName` empty.
  * Support `imagePullSecret` in the troubleshoot [`Run` collector](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/run/#using-opaque-secrets).
  * Supoort filtering by label in the troubleshoot [`NodeResources` analyzer](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/node-resources/#filter-by-labels).
  * Include Kubernetes events in the troubleshoot [`ClusterResources` collector](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/cluster-resources/#cluster-resourceseventsnamespacejson).
  * Show a clearer message in a modal when Admin Console loses connection to the API.
  * The KOTS Admin Console will now redirect to the login page automatically when session becomes invalid.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
  * Empty files will no longer be included in the skippedFiles directory in the View Files tab.
  * Fixed support of the `helm.sh/hook-delete-policy` annotation, and fixed transpiling to `kots.io/hook-delete-policy`.
  * Fixed a bug that caused Admin Console pods to fail with `ImagePullBackOff` errors after an upgrade [in airgapped installs](/kotsadm/updating/updating-admin-console/#airgap-installations).
  * Fixed an issue where some errors were not logged when restoring a snapshot.
  * Fixed a bug that caused the [`kots upstream upgrade`](/kots-cli/upstream/) command to fail with error 500.
  * Fixed a bug that caused license installation to fail if app had a missing or malformed [Application spec](/reference/v1beta1/application/).
  * Fixed a bug that caused KOTS to re-deploy the first release of the application when re-running preflight checks for that release.
  * Empty files are no longer included in yamlErrors.
  * Fixed a bug that caused the user to be redirected to the wrong version after editing the registry settings and clicking the "View Files" tab.
  * Fixed a bug that caused the `kots upload` command to fail with an empty KOTS config.yaml.
  * Fixed a bug that caused the registry settings configuration to fail when entering ECR registry credentials.
  * Fixed a bug that could cause an error `panic: d.nx != 0` when images were being pushed to a private registry during airgapped installs.
  * Fixed an unclear error message when failing to parse an image ref while checking whether images were private. This error message will now include the filename that the offending image was found within.
  * Updated the generated `kustomization.yaml` to allow using multiple tags of the same base image with a private registry.
  * Fixed a bug where previously deployed versions in the KOTS Admin Console "Version History" tab showed a status of "Deployed" instead of "Previously Deployed".
  * Fixed an issue in troubleshoot where some analyzers ignored the `checkName` field.
  * Fixed an issue in troubleshoot where statefulset status was incorrect.
  * Fixed a bug that caused snapshots to be left in the `Incomplete` state when switching plugins using the Admin Console UI.
{{</fixes>}}
