---
date: 2020-12-09T10:30:14-08:00
linktitle: "1.25.0"
title: "1.25.0"
kubernetes: "1.17, 1.18, and 1.19"
---

{{<features>}}
* Added the ability to control access to the KOTS Admin Console by integrating with an identity provider. This feature is experimental and only available to vendors and licenses that have the [Identity Service](https://kots.io/kotsadm/access/securing-the-console/) feature enabled. It is currently only available for the embedded Kubernetes installation method. 
* Added the ability to redeploy the currently deployed app version.
* Added beta support for instance snapshots in embedded clusters.
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Added retry logic to improve reliability of private image detection in environments with challenging networking configuration. This will retry 3 times before failing.
* Added `skip-preflights` flag to [`kots install`](https://kots.io/kots-cli/install/) and [`kots upstream upgrade`](https://kots.io/kots-cli/upstream/) commands.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed "v1 docker registries are not supported" error message.
* Fixed a bug in the Admin Console which caused the UI to crash when clicking the redacted file link under the "Redactors" tab in the troubleshoot page.
* Fixed a bug in the Admin Console that showed the wrong CLI command in the error modal when uploading the license fails.
* Fixed a bug that caused [Helm charts](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/helmchart/) to be silently excluded from deployments due to invalid YAML.
* Fixed an issue with the "Node Resources" analyzer label filtering that caused an error when the label is not found.
* Fixed an issue when configuring "Gitops" that would cause a permission denied error when adding a path.
{{</fixes>}}
