---
date: 2021-02-22T10:30:14-08:00
linktitle: "1.31.0"
title: "1.31.0"
kubernetes: "1.17, 1.18, and 1.19"
---
{{<features>}}
* KOTS Snapshots with Disaster Recovery is now  generally available (GA). In order to better clarify functionality, Instance Snapshots have been renamed to Full Snapshots and Application Snapshots have been renamed to Partial Snapshots. These changes are reflected throughout the KOTS Admin UI and the KOTS documentation.
* All available Snapshot functionality is now under the "Snapshots" global navigation. Both Full Snapshots (Instances) and Partial Snapshots (Applications) can be initiated and scheduled from the global Snapshots section. 
* Added ability to do [partial restore](/kotsadm/snapshots/restore/) from Full Snapshots (Instance).
* Added ability to initiate a Full Snapshot (Instance) from the App Dashboard.
* Snapshots functionality will now support minimal role-based-access-control (RBAC) privileges installations.
* Added [new CLI](/kots-cli/set/config/) for setting application config values.
{{</features>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed a bug that showed "Node drain successful" on all node rows instead of just the node that was actually drained.
* Fixed a bug where application metadata config map is not updated with the new app name.
* Fixed a bug that caused having two different instances of the Admin Console running in different clusters due to disaster recovery to report back to the vendor as if they are the same instance.
* Fixed a bug that caused warnings about Roles and RoleBindings to be shown when restoring Snapshots on OpenShift clusters.
* Fixed a bug that caused a false error to be reported at the end of the [install](/kots-cli/install/) when --port-forward flag is set to false.
* Fixed a bug that caused [Full Snapshots (Instance)](/kotsadm/snapshots/snapshot-types/#instance-snapshots-recommended) to fail on instances with multiple apps when at least one app does not have snapshots enabled.
{{</fixes>}}
