---
date: 2021-03-26T16:30:14
linktitle: "1.36.0"
title: "1.36.0"
kubernetes: "1.18, 1.19, and 1.20"
---

{{<changes>}}
* Updated the Preflight Checks are in progress experience in KOTS Admin UI to show a progress bar and information about the test currently running. 
* Increased kotsadm Pod CPU limits from 500m to 1 in order to improve performance of [Preflights](/reference/v1beta1/preflight/) and [Support Bundle](/reference/v1beta1/support-bundle/) collection.
* Updated to Primary and Secondary node language in the KOTS Admin Cluster Management UI to reflect newer inclusive language standards.  
* Updated KOTS Admin GitOps UI to remove mention of functionality that is not yet available.
* Updated base images for KOTS Admin Console components from debian:stretch to debian:buster to address open CVEs in upstream components.
* Updated the [SchemaHero](https://schemahero.io/) dependency to 0.12.0
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixed a bug that caused Kubernetes objects with exclude-labels to be undeployed during backup restorations.
* Fixed a bug that caused S3 region lookup failure if duplicate bucket names are present across aws-gov and non-aws-gov regions.
* Fixed a bug that caused the Support Bundle command shown in the KOTS Admin Console Troubleshoot UI to not respect custom redactors that are defined in the application or the Admin Console.
* Fixed a bug that could cause an analyzer or its graphic to not properly render in the Support Bundle analysis within KOTS Admin Console Troubleshoot UI. 
* Fixed a bug that could cause KOTS Admin Console pods to be started before database schema migrations are applied, resulting in unpredictable behavior.
* Fixed a bug that could cause the user to be logged out of KOTS Admin Console during an airgap bundle upload.
{{</fixes>}}
