---
date: 2021-04-12T16:30:14
linktitle: "1.38.0"
title: "1.38.0"
kubernetes: "1.18, 1.19, and 1.20"
---
{{<features>}}
* Added CLI commands to configure [AWS](/kots-cli/velero/configure-aws-s3/), [other S3](/kots-cli/velero/configure-other-s3/), [GCP](/kots-cli/velero/configure-gcp/) and [Azure](/kots-cli/velero/configure-azure/) as KOTS Snapshot storage destinations.
* The [kots install](/kots-cli/install/) and [kots upstream upgrade](/kots-cli/upstream/) commands now support the `--disable-image-push` flag.
* Added a [Helm](/vendor/helm/optional-value-keys/) opt-in feature where values and optionalValues are recursively merged if the dataset is recursive in nature. 
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Troubleshoot [support bundle and analyzers](/kotsadm/troubleshooting/support-bundle/) has been upgraded to v0.10.16.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Default values of password types are now hidden on the [application config screen](/kotsadm/installing/online-install/#config-screen). 
* Fixed a bug that caused the Azure Blob Storage option to be hidden in the KOTS Snapshots settings.
* Fixed a bug that could cause errors switching between KOTS Snapshots providers.
* Fixed a bug where KOTS would watch for changes to Kubernetes Namespaces even when the [`additionalNamespaces`](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#additionalnamespaces) parameter was not set, causing excessive logging when [`requireMinimalRBACPrivileges`](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#requireminimalrbacprivileges) is set and the kotsadm and kotsadm-operator Service Accounts have insufficient permissions in the cluster.
* Silenced excessive logging by the kotsadm-operator when the application deploy loop fails repetedly.
* Fixed an issue that would cause a broken login screen icon when the [Identity Service](https://kots.io/vendor/identity-service/configuring-identity-service/) is enabled and there in no application [icon](https://kots.io/reference/v1beta1/application/#icon).
* Fixed a bug that caused Prometheus metrics not to work when kotsadm is not running in the default namespace.
* Fixed a bug that allowed deploying an update via the KOTS Admin UI without requiring configuration when there are non-set required config items.
* Fixed a bug that caused "no basic auth credentials" image pull errors after running a [kots install](/kots-cli/install/) command with private registry credentials.
{{</fixes>}}
