---
date: 2021-08-16T07:30:14-08:00
linktitle: "1.50.0"
title: "1.50.0"
kubernetes: "1.19, 1.20, and 1.21"
---

{{<features>}}
* Added the ability to opt-in to removing the MinIO object store dependency for `hostpath` and `nfs` snapshot options for [kURL embedded](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/kots#advanced-install-options) and [existing cluster](/kots-cli/admin-console/upgrade/) upgrades. The opt-in flags for this feature are the same as those introduced in [KOTS 1.47.0](/release-notes/#1470) to remove KOTS' dependency on Minio for application archives and support bundles. This feature leverages a new Velero plugin, [`local-volume-provider`](https://github.com/replicatedhq/local-volume-provider), to provide file system backups. If this opt-in is selected as part of the upgrade, KOTS will attempt to reconfigure Velero to use the new provider. Data is neither deleted, nor copied, from the filesystem during the migration and  the migration process is irreversible. This option can also be specified for new KOTS installations on [kURL embedded](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/kots#advanced-install-options) and [existing clusters](/kots-cli/install/). When specified on new installs, MinIO will not be used by KOTS for filesystem snapshots.  
_**NOTE:**_ For existing offline clusters, customers will need to [add this plugin to Velero](https://github.com/replicatedhq/local-volume-provider) prior to migration or installation.
 
* Added an output flag to [KOTS CLI](/kots-cli/getting-started/) that provides a JSON formatted object to the following CLI commands: kots backup, restore, download, upload, upstream upgrade, and version.
 
 * Added command line completion to [KOTS CLI](/kots-cli/getting-started/).
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
 * Adjusted preflight statuses to more clearly reflect when these checks are bypassed by an Admin Console user.
 * When some collectors are blocked by RBAC permissions, [support-bundle](/kotsadm/troubleshooting/support-bundle/) and [preflight CLI](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/#example-preflight-check) will now run for all permissible collectors, instead of terminating with an error,  by default.
 * Instance roles may now be used for authentication when using an [Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) repository](/kotsadm/registries/self-hosted-registry/#docker-registry).
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
 * Fixed a bug that prevented installing an [Airgap Package](/kotsadm/installing/airgap-packages/) if the registry password contained a colon (":") character.
{{</fixes>}}
