---
date: 2021-11-19T10:00:00-05:00
linktitle: "1.57.0"
title: "1.57.0"
kubernetes: "1.19, 1.20, and 1.21"
---

{{<features>}}
 * [Installing with Native Helm](/vendor/helm/using-native-helm-charts/) is generally available (GA). This workflow provides the ability to have the admin console work directly with Helm to install and manage chart resources, including support for hook weights and [most Helm hooks](/vendor/helm/using-native-helm-charts/#helm-hooks-and-weights). The existing workflow with Helm is renamed to [Installing with Replicated KOTS](/vendor/helm/using-replicated-helm-charts/) and is still available for use. Any charts currently deployed to application instances will be unaffected by this change. Any new charts are eligible to use the [Native Helm](/vendor/helm/using-native-helm-charts/) workflow.
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
  * Weave net container logs are now included in the default KOTS support bundle.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
  * Fixes a bug that prevented [garbage collection of unused images](/kots-cli/admin-console/garbage-collect-images/) from working in the embedded cluster when the registry is backed by a Rook/Ceph object store.
  * Fixes a bug with [Native Helm](/vendor/helm/using-native-helm-charts/) that caused Kustomize "resource not found" errors when supplying multiple Helm charts with the same name prefix.
  * Fixes a bug associated with Config Item dependencies not being discovered when combining Replicated and Non-Replicated template functions.
  * Fixes a bug that would show the "Send bundle to vendor" button while installed in an airgap environment.
  * Increases the timeout for the kotsadm-postgres readiness probe.
  * Fixes a Helm issue that prevented charts with empty sub-charts/dependencies from deploying.
  * Fixes stuck postgres pod in KOTS v1.56.0 caused by additional security contexts. The strict security contexts are enabled during admin console install and upgrade by the `strict-pod-security` flag.
{{</fixes>}}
