---
date: 2022-02-04T10:21:28-07:00
linktitle: "1.62.0"
title: "1.62.0"
kubernetes: "1.20, 1.21, 1.22, and 1.23"
---

{{<features>}}
* Adds [`targetKotsVersion`](/reference/v1beta1/application/#targetkotsversion) as a field in the application spec. This field allows you to set a target version of KOTS for a release. The initial installation of an application will fail if the currently installed KOTS version is greater than the target version. When a target version is set, end users will receive a notification in the admin console if their currently deployed version of KOTS is less than the target version. For more informaiton, see the documentation.
  
* Adds [`minKotsVersion`](/reference/v1beta1/application/#minkotsversion) (Beta) as a field in the application spec. This allows you to specify the minimum supported KOTS version for a release. An application cannot be installed if the currently deployed KOTS version is less than the minimum KOTS version specified for a release. See the [`minKotsVersion` documentation](/reference/v1beta1/application/#targetkotsversion) for caveats since this is a Beta feature.
{{</features>}}

{{<changes>}}
* Defaults [`kubectl kots get config --appslug`](/kots-cli/get/config/) to the app slug of the deployed application if there is only one in the namespace.
* Defaults [`kubectl kots get config --sequence`](/kots-cli/get/config/) to the sequence of the latest available version.
{{</changes>}}

{{<fixes>}}
* Fixes a bug that caused the "Details" link, which shows the [application status](vendor/config/application-status/), to be not visible in the new dashboard UI.
* Fixes the omission of certain password values from the rendered YAML file when using [`kubectl kots pull`](/kots-cli/get/config/).
* Fixes an issue that caused the license file included in a support bundle to contain a long array of integers instead of a string in the signature field.
* Fixes an issue which caused setting up a host path as a snapshot storage destination to fail.
{{</fixes>}}
